everyone on ok so this is a review for
you of the new foundation by two-face
called born this way now if you want to
know what it looks like on the skin
that's what it looks like I put it on
there it is the absolute perfection
foundation which is oil-free the skin
you were born to have Wow so as of all
foundations you need to give the Machine
the coverage of this is medium and very
very buildable and for a foundation it
actually smells ok compared to a lot of
them you can see the coverage and
texture on my hand here it is absolutely
beautiful and gives a very very kind of
jewy almost moist look to the skin I
have a bit of powder on the t-zone area
but that's about it
I put this on this morning at 9 o'clock
and it is now one hook so this is the
result of having re powdered or touched
up excuse me a second but my skin is
slightly wellies combination it's a
little bit dry a little bit oily so
those of you with very very oily skin
will probably not favor this foundation
due to the fact that it is so amoliant
but those who would normal the
combination to dry skin are going to
absolutely love it this is one of the
few foundations that that goes on so
well with either of your fingers a brush
a sponge and I'll just show you some
kind of rubbed in to my face you so will
just build up a little bit more product
you can see that it goes on with finger
application I've got no mirror by the
way like nothing look at that it is
absolutely just so beautiful it really
is and in case you know people are going
to say is this better than this
foundation is it better than that
foundation it's just a really really
good foundation for those of you who are
looking for
a medium to full coverage foundation
with a really luminous finish then this
is it one pump will cover your whole
face it is just such a beautiful formula
it really is I have every single shade
as well so for those of you who are
interested I can swatch them all for you
if that is what you want but this is
what it looks like on the skin and this
is what it looks like with the second
application it's not heavy and it hasn't
built up any real noticeable texture
which is phenomenal
absolutely wonderful yes if you've got
oily skin you may have issues but you
could always use a mattifying primer if
needed but please bear in mind that if
you use a primer you will need to use
less powder than normal because primers
tend to cling and the powder will clean
more and it will just your regular
moisturizer overall thumbs up because
it's absolutely of looking great
foundation it really is it's really
really a great great foundation if
you've used it let me know what your
thoughts are and I will read them and I
will see you all soon bye-bye
you